Update masking figure & explain masking (#48)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_pre_thesis/src/sections/methodology.tex

\noindent
We start by removing the first five shots from the data similarly to \citet{cleggRecalibrationMarsScience2017} since they are typically contaminated by dust that covers the target before being removed by the laser-produced shock waves.
Then the remaining 45 shots from each location are averaged, resulting in a single spectrum per location with a total of five spectra per target.

> As mentioned in Section~\ref{sec:data_overview}, the edges of the spectral regions contain noise, so we apply masking to the data to zero out these regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in Section~\ref{sec:data_overview}, the edges of the spectral regions contain noise, so we apply masking to the data by zeroing out these regions.
```

\subsubsection{Data Preprocessing}\label{sec:ica_data_preprocessing}
For ICA, the first five shots are removed from the data.

> We then apply masking to the data to zero out the same regions as in the PLS1-SM phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then apply masking to the data by zeroing out the same regions as in the PLS1-SM phase.
```
